==INFO1010 lecture 2==


===Point of course===
- How we learn as individuals
- Learning in organisations
- Finding information
- Communicating Information
- Projecting Oneself
- Being a Professional
- Managing Time and Projects

CW shortly: personal website & CV
TODO: find all CW deadlines

Course is not academically challenging

Even lecturer thinks course is boring. But necessary.

in a nutshell: follow instructions and you'll be fine

===conditions for learning===

Conditions right, motivated, work hard & effecitvely, know what you do and do not know

===Models of Learning===

Buckethead is not an academic. The Map is _not_ the territory. It's like classes and objects. Nobody knows how people learn.

Experiential learning cycle (Kolb)

              Experience
            .           \
           /             .
Experimentation        Reflection
           .             /
            \           .
           Conceptualisation

Honey & Mumford: Typology of Learners

Concrete Experience: activists who prefer doing and experiencing
Reflective Observation: reflectors who observe and reflect
Abstract Conceptualisation: theorists who want to understand underlying reasons, concepts and relationships
Active Experimentation: pragmatists who like to  "have a go" and try things to see if they work

tl;dr: More Stuffª. Read slides! Next~

Learning styles: visual learner, auditory learner, reading/writing, kinaesthetic learner

http://www.academic-skills.soton.ac.uk/index.htm

Motivation. Again! Excitement.

Deep vs Surface Learning.

Constructivism:

This POV maintains that people actively construct new knowledge as they interact with their environment.
Everything you read, see, hear, feel, and touch is tested against your prior knowledge and if it is viable within your mental world, may form new knowledge you carry with you.
mindmaps:heinous

Three most important things in lecture.



===Random Musings===

